Mr. Qing
This is looking at Nuannuan
Oh my cousin
Hey, I don't know if it's a book or not.
He's fine with everything.
I just don't love myself
Last time we met
He actually drives a Rolls Royce
You said he was an assistant to a young actor
How can I afford to drive a car like this?
Dressed up for this occasion again today
I'm afraid it's not a big money, right?
Mr. Qing
I do wish him well.
But I have to be fair
He doesn't deserve you.
You really want him to be well, of course.
Forgot to tell you
The last car he drove
It's mine.
Long time no see.
The Normans. I've been following them
I heard there was a little girl in their family
As soon as he returned to China, he became a grassroots company leader
I knew it was you.
Then when my dad asked you to settle the bill
Why are you admitting defeat?
Are you acting? Of course I'll pay for your eye rights
I just returned to China these two days.
You have been in the country
If it is convenient, can you?